DOC-2777 CRR observability (#880)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/cluster-and-ha-management/pages/crr-monitoring.adoc

| Metric | `tigergraph_crr_replay_stalled_seconds` | topic | Duration replay has stalled
| Metric | `tigergraph_crr_source_offset` | topic | Source offset in PR
| Metric | `tigergraph_crr_replicated_offset` | topic | Replicated offset in DR
| Metric | `tigergraph_crr_target_offset` | topic | Target offset in DR topic
| Metric | `tigergraph_crr_replayed_offset` | topic | Replayed offset in DR
| Metric | `tigergraph_crr_source_timestamp` | topic | Timestamp of source record in PR
| Metric | `tigergraph_crr_replicated_timestamp` | topic | Timestamp of replicated record in DR
| Metric | `tigergraph_crr_target_timestamp` | topic | Timestamp of target record in DR
| Metric | `tigergraph_crr_replayed_timestamp` | topic | Timestamp of replayed record in DR
|===

[NOTE]
====
TigerGraph provides raw metrics for CRR topic replication and replay, but does not include built-in alerting capabilities.

Replication and replay lag may vary depending on cluster configuration, network bandwidth, and latency. Users are advised to define alerting rules in their own monitoring systems (for example, Prometheus).

> A CRR topic can be considered abnormal if any of the following conditions occur:

Reviewer: This is an example, not a rule that must be followed.

= CRR Monitoring
= Monitor Cross-Region Replication (CRR)
//:page-aliases: crr:monitor-crr.adoc
:description: Monitor Cross-Region Replication (CRR) status and metrics collection in TigerGraph.
:sectnums:

Starting from version 4.3, the TigerGraph Disaster Recovery (DR) cluster supports Cross-Region Replication (CRR) status, metrics collection and query capabilities. 

The CRR metrics collection interval can be configured using the following command (default: `60s`):

[source,console]
----
gadmin config entry System.Metrics.CRRIntervalSec
----

[#cli_status_query]
== CLI-based CRR status query

> TigerGraph introduces a new `gadmin` sub-command to display detailed CRR metrics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can run a `gadmin` command to get detailed CRR metrics.
```
You should not mention TigerGraph (the company). You should not say "new", because that will be outdated when 4.3 is no longer the newest version.
You should simply describe the command, e.g.
"Users can run a `gadmin` command to get detailed CRR metrics."

[source,console]
----
gadmin crr status [flags]
----

The command provides comprehensive CRR status information, including:

* Overall CRR system status
* Topic replication and replay lag
* MirrorMaker 2 connector status

=== Flags
The following flags can be used with the `gadmin crr status` command.

|===
| Flag | Description

| `--json` | Outputs CRR status in JSON format.
| `--realtime` | Retrieves real-time status instead of cached data.
| `-v`, `--verbose` | Displays detailed metrics, including source and target offsets and timestamps.
|===

[#topic_metrics]
=== CRR Topic Metrics 
The following table provides the definitions of topic metrics.

|===

> | Field Name | Description | Notes | Verbose

Reviewer 2: The interpretation of the "verbose" column is not clear.
What does verbose = false mean for a field?  (I think "false" is not what you really mean.)
What does verbose = true mean for a field?

A more logical approach would be to call the column "shown when".
Then, the values are either
* always
* --verbose
* 
The nice thing about this approach is that it 
* very clear
* easily supports multiple levels of verbocity or more complex conditions. Just describe the condition.
